was observed at the end of the track
landing
about six kilometers from the location
of the staff a kind of balloon
low altitude aerostatic that is
slowly approaching the base
with radar system not only good
detected the control tower did not have
knowledge of an air traffic called
in the frequency of the area and the
emergency there was no response and it
made sure it was an object that comes to
be spying on
taking the unit they left us when
we were the pilots and the order was that
an airplane and what before that object
get to the base
basically in the squad of the
medicine pilots aaron me to do
the maneuver with the plane takeoff I made
the aim on the object and I shot it
a blast of 64 30-mm howitzers
amanda raffaele means that she goes out with
a kind of wall of fire and what
there was inside was to destroy
the object was not destroyed and what
it was almost static started a promotion
quick to wake away with it
aircraft combustion influences
pursue them we have left the
vertical from the base to a distance
84 km vertical of a city camera and
already what was 600 meters high
approximate of the object and we get to 11
thousand meters high is 84 kilometers from
thousand meters in pursuit the object
it stopped in its tracks that it had to be a
maneuver to dodge the moves
had and has proceeded again
point the mine to shoot and when
was coming to what is the distance
shooting
the object is a sudden access and it left me
without plan
could take position to point it out
second chance I was by
reach the distance and shots of the
guns that did not have help in that
moment and went back to do another census
Suddenly and again he told me white tim a
third try to get to burst it
shot I went back to make a promotion but
with those three promotions I said well no longer
I can be I'm going to move away towards the
sonic chopper climb very high
turn very vertical and point it
I insist it goes up and it does not escape me from
way and he shoots and that what I did
move away accelerate to 1.6 marc progress and I said
I already climb it to the 14,000 meters that
I had left what I have surpassed I have been
seeing at what time and they are still in
chopped stone and what is
waiting for the moment the object that is
almost static is a fast acceleration
and without a partner with me
of even and we have gone you follow
doing up to 19 thousand 200 meters 60 thousand
feet tall
by then half the Galician who
floating by the little speed with the
wings forward mix them in the
trouble engine to float also with the
elapsed time I took out the light of
low fuel level and I already said here
I can not attack because it 's always
separated from objects to be able to do
the greengrocer and I approached then that
100 meters gave a revised and came the
Break surprise was not a balloon
they saw a solid object but they did not
had nothing external windows antennas
motors power to everything that they want us
find in a plastic joke
several always
because only the truth will set us free